It’s no exaggeration to say that Miami Beach is a marvel—a marvel of nature, culture, engineering and ingenuity. Barrier islands, some of which were man made, stretch between the radiant waters of Biscayne Bay and the turquoise tides of the Atlantic. They are home to some of the world’s finest resorts and residences, shopping and dining, and art, architecture, and design.
But the best work of art and architecture is one that you can call your own—one that you can call home. And to that end, nothing compares to this custom, canal-side masterpiece located in the exceptional Biscayne Point, one of the most prominent communities in Miami Beach. Every day spent in this stunning villa, and in this vibrant city, brings new spaces to explore.
When the sun’s first rays fan over the eastern horizon, reaching across the open expanse of the ocean, you’re already enjoying it from your rooftop sundeck, sipping your coffee next to the plunge pool. The tropical foliage sways lightly in a mild breeze, and it’s so pleasant that you’re tempted to head to North Beach Oceanside Park, a renowned (yet still tranquil) nature area that you can drive to within minutes.
But you’ll have plenty of other days to relax on the beach; right now, you have plans. You go to the garage, get the car, and head out onto State Road A1A—also known as the iconic Collins Avenue—which parallels the shoreline all the way from your home in Biscayne Point to South Pointe Park at the southernmost tip of Miami Beach. It’s a scenic drive, and as you approach the city center, near 17th Street, you park so you can stroll down the famous Miami Beach Boardwalk.
Once you reach the acclaimed Lincoln Road, it’s time for breakfast. This one-of-a-kind pedestrian mall, designed by the distinguished architect Morris Lapidus, was constructed in 1960, has a global reputation for its restaurants, cafés, shops, and galleries. It’s not busy right now and you can take your time touring the picturesque coastal boulevards; Arts Center South Florida, the Colony Theater, and the New World Symphony are all located here, and you make a mental note to check out their programs this season.
